{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f8\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans;}{\f9\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Lucida Sans;}{\f10\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue1;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15 Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\dbch\af6\langfe4105\dbch\af8\afs28\alang1025\loch\f4\fs28\lang4105 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\sl288\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105 Text Body;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\sl288\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105 List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb120\sa120\noline\ltrpar\i\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1025\ai\loch\f5\fs24\lang4105 Caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\noline\ltrpar\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105 Index;}
{\s21\snext21\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105 DocumentMap;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/5.3.1.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/e80a0e0fd1875e1696614d24c32df0f95f03deb2}{\info{\creatim\yr2017\mo11\dy13\hr17\min22}{\revtim\yr2018\mo1\dy5\hr12\min20}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops{\propname Operator}\proptype30{\staticval Mike McGraw}}\deftab720\deftab720
\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
"There is no unity in this... 'community'", a frustrated Elizabeth drearily sighed, passing the weathered-old Hutchball to Teagan Seibold, the Team's new Left-Flank Strategist. By Order of the Rules According to Hutch, Seibold had to wear very fuzzy mittens the entire game (hers were made of aqua-coloured yarn), making the task of receiving the smooth, large-melon-sized, almost-round ball rather difficult. It slipped from her finger-flaps, and landed in the squelchy Autumn mud, as she cursed lightly under her foggy breath, stooping awkwardly to chase it.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Parsing Liz's words and their meaning carefully, Bluebbery Lee-Daniels cautiously returned, "I... I don't think that's possible. Is it?".}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Both girls swung their gazes to their new Girl-in-the-Huddle, Margaret Morton (or whatever), who was still looking quite confused as to why she was there, at that particular moment, while other times she needed to be somewhere else. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The rules of Hutchball had been somewhat hard for her to grasp. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Maeve had just minutes before been informed this girl she had not actually met properly yet - who called herself Blueberry - that she, Maeve, was the Elected Secondary Captain at Mae Farrie's Middling High School and Working Homestead for Growing Minds's Junior Hutchball team.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\ltrpar\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
MFMHS&WH4GM's team jersey sported a design unlike no other - "A brilliantly chaotic, hot mess of letters and hidden meaning", is what their own school paper cheerfully boasted most every Hutchball season, which was in the fall, which was now. Maeve's recruitment had involved a team jersey being pulled over her head - pinning her shoulders and arms at her sides - by the school's resident goth-archetype (Blueberry), who, Maeve was later to find out, was the actual architect of the game's rules and continually growing popularity. It had been cleverly named after the school's athletic archetype, Charles Hutchinson, who the other kids called 'Hutch'. Hutch didn't much like having the game named after him, but he was still recovering from a long, tragically unresolved four-year crush on Rebecca Lee-Daniels (Blueberry), and still found it hard to say no to her ideas, despite having been - most gracefully in his opinion - seriously friend-zoned.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Hutchball was basically what happened when the school's gamer crowd, mostly young women with ideas, decided they wanted in on the whole football thing, but wanted to focus on strategy, and a hexagonally divided field. Hexagons had been the new grid since, like, forever. Before most of them were born, certainly.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Rebecca - now Blueberry to all her friends - was a bit of a math whiz. This included not only large-sum mathematical acrobatics, but statistical analyses as well as a fondness (more of a hobby, she admitted) for geometry. Watching school football during her grade 9 year had led her to two certainties:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
1. Football was too dangerous a sport for people to play regularly, much less young people whose brains and skeletons were still developing, and}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
2. She could design a better game that would be more inclusive.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\ltrpar\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
That's all it took, really, aside from a bit of perseverance. The following year, she and half the grade 10 class made a bid to start a GridGame league. The name stunk, the campaign fizzled. The year after that, Blueberry asked Hutch to be a captain, named the game after him, and made a point to schedule all of their meetings, practices, and matches at a local community centre at the same time the school's football team normally drilled. Hutch told the coach he was dropping out of football to follow his dream of being the first pro Hutchball player, and the coach (a closet Harry Potter fan), totally got it and let him go, wishing him the best, with more than a little envy.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Well. The school administration, not so much fans of games, or flights of fantasy in general, were not terribly amused to learn their star athlete would not be returning to the football team. They had worked hard to afford all the equipment, which was expensive and required rooms to store it all in, and vehicles to move it all around. It took them entire fundraisers each year to afford the insurance. In other words, a lot of resources had been put into developing the team. Undoing work done was not the administration's favourite thing.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Also, what was Hutchball anyway? When it became apparent they had been out-maneuvered by Lee-Daniels (again), nearly half of the administration staff pushed to have the whole thing out with her family, once and for all, and the other (slightly larger) half voted to sell the school's football equipment and fund the hiring of another teacher's assistant for some of their more energetic young people in need of support in their own unique educational endeavours (those were other stories altogether removed from this one)}{\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Majority ruled at that point in the school's history, so the rest of that stuff was, as they say, well, history - the football team disbanded, most of the players followed Hutch and became protoype Hutchball players (to the secret relief of more than two-thirds of the players' parents), and after that, Blueberry's little brother Zenn didn't have to spend quite so much time in the Learning Corner (a lightly-fenced-in area at the back of the school) because there was now a new teacher, and she was fricking awesome, according to Zenn, who rarely minced words about teachers.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf17\brsp20\ltrpar\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
This story is fucking complicated\u8221\'94, Maeve said, exercising her newly}{\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
earned grownup word, won in a scrabble match with her mother the previous Sunday. She and Ani had been playing for control of curse words lately - her mom had lost }{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Fuck}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 to her, fair and square. Triple word score move, out of nowhere. It was Maeve\u8217\'92s way of getting her mom to ease up on the language around the house \u8211\'96 muttered under her breath for various infractions by different people, but audible to a kid with Maeve\u8217\'92s hearing nonetheless \u8211\'96 and Ani\u8217\'92s way of getting her daughter to be more careful with her spelling, which had started to wander in alarmingly new directions lately, as though the child thought it was all just up for grabs at this point, human communication; what to call things, and how to write them.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I think what you mean to say is that it\u8217\'92s }{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
complex}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\u8221\'94, offered Elizabeth, thoughtfully, ignoring the newest change her friend seemed to be going through recently, and in the support of the Author, as always. \u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s very good, Niall.\u8221\'94, she mostly meant it, too.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Blueberry rolled her eyes secretly at her two classmates for the thousandth time that morning, handing the loose sheaf of papers back to Niall, stiffly. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a difference between complicated, complex, and\u8230\'85 }{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
disjointed}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
. Sorry, Niall\u8221\'94, Blueberry winced slightly, and gave Niall a weak smile, before spinning on her heel and heading down the hall to somewhere else, quickly.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Niall looked down at his story (}{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
the Journey and the Return, }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
working title) given back to him, backwards, partially upside-down, and with two sheets bent. }{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Bexwards}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
, he had called it, to himself, back before Bex had changed her own name for the third time. He couldn\u8217\'92t call it Bexwards anymore, could he? Or could he? Maybe he would.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Niall would need to sort the papers out later, in a minute or two. \u8220\'93Thank you.\u8221\'94, he said, to where Blueberry\u8217\'92s feet had been, only seconds ago, between he and Maeve. He was already considering what she meant. He would do this for the next four-and-a-half days, though he wouldn\u8217\'92t learn that until later that afternoon.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
You\u8217\'92ve got too many loose ends, Niall. Cheezus Fuck. How many books are you planning to turn this into? }{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Thirty}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
? Have fun.\u8221\'94, Maeve patted him slightly on his shoulder \u8211\'96 three awkward, quick taps, a comfortable threshold they\u8217\'92d established some time ago \u8211\'96 and stuffed the papers into her coat pocket, where she would accidentally cover them in a melted chocolate bar later.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
C\u8217\'92mon, Maeve\u8221\'94 Liz shook her head slightly, \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s not bring Jesus into this. }{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Again}{\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
It\u8217\'92s }{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Cheezus}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
, }{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Liz}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
You }{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
know}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 I know what you }{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
mean}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
, }{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Maeve}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Niall suddenly interjected, somewhat too loudly, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m having a birthday party. All three of you are invited.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Well. That had never happened before. Maeve and Liz both forgot the shouting match they had almost begun (something they had started doing last year, too often for Niall\u8217\'92s liking), and both looked to their friend. Both in the eyes, by mistake, but he didn\u8217\'92t flinch, but just waited for their response. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Niall\u8230\'85 that\u8217\'92s. That\u8217\'92s cool! Right, Maeve? Niall\u8217\'92s having a birthday party}{\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\u8221\'94 Liz tried not to sound as stunned as she was. Niall had never had a birthday party before, as far as she knew. He hadn\u8217\'92t even really liked people, she thought, until sixth grade, a year-and-a-half ago. Had he even had friends over to his family\u8217\'92s house before? She hadn\u8217\'92t ever heard of that happening.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The party is going to be at my house. It\u8217\'92s tomorrow.\u8221\'94, he helpfully added, and then proceeded to rummage in his backpack, which was covered with reflective material of every imaginable type. The girls liked walking home with Niall when dusk approached, from wherever they had been, because he was like a beacon, tall, bright, and safe. He had grown from a slight young boy into a taller, pre-man (Maeve\u8217\'92s observation). Niall seemed to be late for work all the time, like he had somewhere more pressing to be, but didn\u8217\'92t want to leave anybody behind, and so had stayed behind as well, missing whatever call he was hearing, but not following}{\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 Niall would always stay behind for people, as long as they didn\u8217\'92t insist on eye contact or hugging}{\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 A person needed to earn those things, and nobody had yet, not even his parents, though that of course did not stop them. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The girls both uncharacteristically kept still and quiet, watching as he found his printed invitations \u8211\'96 carefully pressed in a half-empty notebook at the bottom of his pack \u8211\'96 and held them out, for the girls to look at}{\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch
,}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 and hopefully take. There were three}{\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 Blueberry always seemed to know when he was about to ask or give her something- she was probably halfway across the schoolyard now, to wherever her secret lunch spot was. He would not follow her, it wasn\u8217\'92t his business. \u8220\'93That one is for Bex \u8211\'96 I mean, Rebecca. Blueberry.\u8221\'94 Most of her names.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Maeve snapped the topmost invitation from Niall\u8217\'92s hands \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s this? Invitations? For tomorrow? When did you make these, Niall? You know people usually give these out a week or two before a party, right?\u8221\'94 Maeve was admiring the detail in the edges of the invitation \u8211\'96 Niall had taken a pin and meticulously poked hundreds (maybe thousands? She would count them later) of teeny tiny holes in looping lines, clear around the front and back covers. Inside, was plainly typed:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\ltrpar\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\qc\ltrpar{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Maevis Morgan (Niall\u8217\'92s Friend)}{\i\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch
,}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\qc\ltrpar{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
You are invited to Niall\u8217\'92s family\u8217\'92s house,}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\qc\ltrpar{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Tomorrow, for a birthday, which is Niall\u8217\'92s 13}{\super\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
th}{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 birthday.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\qc\ltrpar{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
If you want to bring a present, Niall likes wires and tools.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\qc\ltrpar{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Thank you for reading this.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\qc\ltrpar{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I hope you will show up.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\qc\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\ltrpar\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Well, that\u8217\'92s nice.\u8221\'94 Maeve meant it, but couldn\u8217\'92t get her sarcastic voice to shut off. She hoped Niall understood, by now.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Liz took her invitation as well, \u8220\'93}{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Thank you}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
, Niall\u8230\'85\u8221\'94, and held the invitation reverently, and read it as well. Niall blushed, but the girls both pretended not to notice. \u8220\'93I have band practice tomorrow\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Liz scrunched her face, \u8220\'93but you know what, I\u8217\'92ll skip it.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Maeve\u8217\'92s eyebrows popped up, \u8220\'93Whoa, Nelly! What\u8217\'92s this now? Elizabeth Brightfellow skipping something? What if you stop being perfect for a few days? Won\u8217\'92t the universe collapse in on itself?\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
That can\u8217\'92t happen\u8221\'94, clarified Niall, while Liz frowned at Maeve, \u8220\'93}{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Whatever}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
, Maeve. It\u8217\'92s Niall\u8217\'92s thirteenth birthday, I can skip\u8230\'85 }{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
band.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 I mean. C\u8217\'92mon.\u8221\'94 Liz was already shuffling her week around mentally to make room for a make-up session. She was lead viola, and top-winner in the recital four years running now, practice was not optional, but timing was.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf17\brsp20\ltrpar\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\qc\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The three girls stared at the pages \u8211\'96 the last words in Niall and Jaeke\u8217\'92s epic space-opera love story. The words on the page seemed to look back at them. From the book\u8217\'92s perspective, the three friends\u8217\'92 perplexed faces must have appeared a bit comical, but at the moment no human in the room thought so.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\qc\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I think it\u8217\'92s all\u8230\'85 }{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
connected}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
, somehow\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 This, from Maeve.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\qc\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Well, duh.\u8221\'94 That, from Blueberry.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\qc\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Elizabeth just worried about what it might all mean, and forgot to say anything. Her right hand gripped tightly around the stage-prop sword she had forgotten to leave in the gym. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\qc\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Niall wondered if they liked the book so far. Jaeke hoped they would, while wondering where the rest of the pages might have gone.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\qc\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\ltrpar\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\ltrpar\i\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\brdrb\brdrhair\brdrw1\brdrcf1\brsp42\ltrpar\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\ltrpar{\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Blueberry desperately wanted her favourite rockband, DID NORTH, KOREA!, to play at her 13}{\super\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch
th}{\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 birthday party.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\ltrpar{\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch
They almost did, but that is an entirely other story, I assure you.[Branch Here]}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\ltrpar\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\ltrpar\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\ltrpar\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\ltrpar\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\ltrpar\dbch\af7\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8230\'85  }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar\hyphpar0\dbch\af7\langfe4105\dbch\af10\afs22\alang1025\cf0\kerning1\loch\f5\fs22\lang4105\sl256\slmult1\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\ltrpar\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par }