{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 SimSun;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans;}{\f6\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Lucida Sans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105 Default;}
{\s1\sbasedon15\snext16\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\b\hich\af4\dbch\af5\afs48\ab\loch\f0\fs48 Heading 1;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af3\dbch\af5\afs28\loch\f2\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sb0\sa120 Text body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sb0\sa120\dbch\af6 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af6\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af6 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern4150}}\deftab709

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch
\'93}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Lean into your genius, May Bee}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
!\'94 Yelled Old Feller, the }{{\*\bkmkstart firstHeading}{\*\bkmkend firstHeading}\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang9
nonagenarian}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 sitting on the far left, one skinny butt cheek hanging off the splintered bench, which was otherwise awash with children in uniforms, in varying states of paying attention to a variety of things going on at the ball field, and in the stands.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The ball bat cracked, the batted ball flew high into the air (as seen by five-year olds, anyhow), and the batter \'96 Old Feller's thirty-seventh Great Granddaughter, Maevis MayBee Morgan \'96 ran straight toward third base, having pre-calculated the best possible route in advance \'96 a bee-line to the best base of the three available ones. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Little Maeve had not been properly introduced to games yet, being only 50 months old at the time. She had been preoccupied with geometry since her eyes had been able to focus properly though, and as a result she felt running directly toward third base made the most sense*. She just could not run in a circle yet, without falling down, and so simply taking the shortest, circular route away from homebase and back again was not a viable option, Maeve knew this too, by that age, having tried it a few times, with embarrassing results.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Old Feller stood up somewhat too quickly and began to wave his flappy old arms, which stuck from this too-large Too_Toonies T-Sirt like ashen twigs trying to give a puppet show, trying to flag his prodigy back in the roughly correct direction. He was seeing her entire life's potential clear before his aging eyes, and wasn't going to miss one moment. He did this for all of his very favourite great grandchildren, which excluded none of them at all. Today was May Bee's day. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch
\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Run like that, but to first base! Wrong base, May Bee!! Good lord, child!!!\'94 Old Feller coughed and sat back down roughly, nearly missing the bench. He felt something kink in his back, and sucked in sharply. Which of his dear Great Grandchildren might be the death of him? He had to assume it would be somebody. Young Chuckless Saunders handed Old Feller his Gatorade, which he had mixed some pebbles into for good measure. Old Feller waved it away with a grateful shake of his head, still thumping his chest to keep his pacemaker for seizing. His great granddaughter Maevis had run full tilt into the third baseman and was now swinging her head around in search of where the ball she had just hit had ended up. Her third-base coach had given up trying to wave her back toward home and was now telling her to round third and head for second. The ball had been grabbed by Maeve's puppy dog, who chased absolutely anything the girl would throw for him. It was his Most favourite Thing.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Maeve adjusted her too-large batting helmet, the third baseman still flat on his back in the dust next to her, and then she was off toward second. The shortstop took a step out of the way to let Maeve barrel past, as the puppy dog took off into Right field, chased by four or five yelling children. His new Favourite game! It was the best moment of his young life, to be followed by countless more. By the time Maeve reached second base, there was nobody there for her to run over, and so she stopped to take a look at where she had ended up.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The stands were going crazy \'96 her team was yelling, the other team was yelling, }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
* Spolier alert: Maevis MayBee Morgan is now a famous space engineer, olympic bronze medalist, and half-decent tuba player. She is still undecided about the appeal of games, and gamers.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch
     }
\par }