{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri Light;}{\f5\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Lucida Sans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red47\green84\blue150;\red36\green41\blue46;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105 Default;}
{\*\cs15\snext15 Default Paragraph Font;}
{\*\cs16\sbasedon15\snext16\cf2\i\hich\af4\langfe1033\dbch\af4\ai\loch\f4\lang0 Heading 4 Char;}
{\*\cs17\sbasedon15\snext17\dbch\af0 Header Char;}
{\*\cs18\sbasedon15\snext18\dbch\af0 Footer Char;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext20\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af6\langfe4105\dbch\af7\afs28\lang1025\loch\f2\fs28\lang4105 Heading;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa120\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105 Text body;}
{\s21\sbasedon20\snext21\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa120\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af8\afs22\lang1025\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105 List;}
{\s22\sbasedon0\snext22\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb120\sa120\noline\i\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af8\afs24\lang1025\ai\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105 Caption;}
{\s23\sbasedon0\snext23\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\noline\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af8\afs22\lang1025\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105 Index;}
{\s24\sbasedon0\snext0\ilvl3\outlinelevel3\sl252\slmult1\ql\keep\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb40\sa0\keepn\cf2\i\hich\af0\langfe1033\dbch\af4\afs22\lang1025\ai\loch\f4\fs22\lang4105 heading 4;}
{\s25\sbasedon0\snext25\sl256\slmult1\ql\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105 header;}
{\s26\sbasedon0\snext26\sl256\slmult1\ql\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105 footer;}
{\s27\sbasedon0\snext27\sl288\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb100\sa142\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af0\afs24\lang1025\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105 Normal (Web);}
{\s28\sbasedon0\snext28\sl256\slmult1\ql\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\noline\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105 Footer;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr2017\mo11\dy13\hr17\min25}{\author Mike McGraw}{\revtim\yr2017\mo12\dy16\hr12\min16}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern4150}}\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse67\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\footery720{\footer\pard\plain \s27\sl288\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb100\sa142\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af0\afs24\lang1025\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sl200\slmult0\qc\sb100\sa0\ltrpar{\cf3\dbch\af5\afs16\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs16\loch\f5
The Wimsel Loop stories are Copyright \'a9 2017/2018 Mike McGraw. All Rights Reserved.}
\par \pard\plain \s26\sl256\slmult1\ql\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s26\sl256\slmult1\ql\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par }\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb720\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\footery720{\footer\pard\plain \s27\sl288\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb100\sa142\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af0\afs24\lang1025\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sl200\slmult0\qc\sb100\sa0\ltrpar{\cf3\dbch\af5\afs16\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs16\loch\f5
The Wimsel Loop stories are Copyright \'a9 2017/2018 Mike McGraw. All Rights Reserved.}
\par \pard\plain \s26\sl256\slmult1\ql\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s26\sl256\slmult1\ql\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par }\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s24\ilvl3\outlinelevel3\sl252\slmult1\ql\keep\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb40\sa0\keepn\cf2\i\hich\af0\langfe1033\dbch\af4\afs22\lang1025\ai\loch\f4\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb40\sa0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Young Laine and the Angry Older Dragon}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\langfe1033\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Laine technically became a Paladine at the age of seven, because of a loophole in the Laws of the Order of Devout Sisterhood. The Convent of the Charitable Protectors operated on a shoe-string budget, and could not typically afford the time, fees, or bother of dealing with lawyers. It was not their mission to do so anyhow; they had too many missions already.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Their Law, stated plainly, was and still is that a sister should set foot on the path to Paladinehood once completing a communally sanctioned Quest \'96 that is, a mission well-intended in the service of the community sanctioning it.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
There was a lot to unpack in that short Order, but the key to the loop - in young Laine\'92s case \'96 was that, at the time her Incident occurred, while she was only seven years of age, she technically }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
was}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 a sister, because she had a brother. His name was Cobb, and his life is another set of stories altogether removed from this one.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The loophole concerned the capitalization \'96 specifically the lack of capitalization - of the word \'91sister\'92. In those politically heady, early days of the Westfarian Isles, procedure and law ruled the Islands, and the syntax of categorization had an immense (and some would say unreasonable) power over the lives of the Islanders, depending upon the Isle they might happen to occupy. A }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Sister}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
, to the Administrators in the capital City of Owl, was a member of one of several, properly-registered Convents, having official, charitable and protected status. To the Order however, a }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
sister}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 could be a member of any convent which the order deemed to be one, and they preferred \'96 thank you very much \'96 to neither capitalize that, either. They spoke in words of plain truth to one another, and to those whom they served, always. Books and tables could not do for human dialogue what could be better done with the heart and mind, when working toward a common good, in a mutually understood context.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The loophole through which young Laine fell that day changed the fate of her small village-island, which in WoM 717, rested alone upon a weathered hill surrounded by a shallow bay that had once been its farmland, awaiting unknowingly its installation in the histories, legends and bedtime tales yet to come. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The inhabitants, self-reliant valefolk by long tradition, had turned from farming what could no longer be farmed, most of it now being feet and fathoms beneath the tides, and in under a single generation, toward the cultivation and sale of Dark and Silver WyrdOak, known for its strength and mutability, which grew up here and there in great groves on many of the nearby smaller islands. This was traded for other things with other towns, in much the way as elsewhere in the Isles at that time.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Then the monsters began to arrive. Most, it is felt, did so somewhat reluctantly}{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 for monsters, as it is well known, prefer to dwell in the darker places - in caves, caverns, and abandoned crawlspaces - and those were now largely underwater. For some monsters, this worked out quite well, and for others, not so much.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The Order of course had long ago abandoned the divisive language describing }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
monsters}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
, }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
animals}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
, }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
spirit}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
s, and }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
human}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 classifications, in pursuit of the revival of other languages \'96 older and newer ones \'96 to employ when speaking of living things with living concerns. To most settlers to the Isles, though, a monster was still a monster; some were good (the exception proving the Rule), and most were likely bad news. Some were, in fact, aggressively bad news to be truthful, though the Sisters chose to call those ones }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
problems}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
, not monsters. An animal, well, there were different kinds according to Men, falling into the general categories of companion, resource, nuisance, adorable, awe-inspiring, and dangerous. Each of these categories had sub-categories (in some of the Isles, these were quite extensively categorized, and in others, allowed to mix and mingle more-or-less freely). A human was a human, at least according to the books written by them. This had been figured out to most people\'92s benefit and satisfaction some time ago. At least, once the oceans started to come in more than they seemed to be going out. People had stopped bickering quite so much once the shorelines began chasing them all inland, an increasingly and alarmingly smaller space it seemed, from one year to the next}{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Whatever the cause or case, the living creatures who could not or would not return to the sea willingly}{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
,}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 began to find themselves upon the same ridges, hills, and mountains more than tradition had previously allowed for, and that ushered in (among many other things) the newfound concern of }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
monster encroachment}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
. Townships of all sizes were permitted by Owlic Law to sanction defensive strategies to protect their livelihoods, for trade betwixt the townships continued to be the lifeblood of the kingdom, though the kingdom now was no more.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Some towns took this to mean that threats of all sorts to their perceived livelihoods were fair game for the sanctioning of solutions, and that is where things got quite out of control for a time. Neighbours of various kinds began taking increasing offense to the sanctioned defensive actions of one another, which created a number of spin-off trades and practices, and this, if one is to be completely honest, is where many of the best tales of adventure sprung, in that odd little time between the Great Ages of Men and then Women}{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Laine\'92s town had been lucky as far as monsters went, for monsters did not tend to go there. What was there to steal? The trees on the grove islands were valuable to all \'96 like real silver at times \'96 but the effort to remove them took a type of terrible tenacity few true monsters have, which was an interesting point to consider about the nature of Monsters and Men, in the opinion of some in the Order. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Also, any monster trying to make a home in a cave or nook in those places was as likely as not to find it inhabited by other displaced animals already, and it is also commonly known that most monsters are afraid of other animals, and often in fact become monstrous in the first place as a kind of defense mechanism. So, Laine\'92s town was largely spared that whole drama. Then there was the whole need for boats to get to and fro in the region; earth-borne monsters had not been at the boatbuilding trade for very long yet, and so found the businesses of wandering the around the Isles rather cumbersome- it was simply easier to look for a hole to hide in, a wait the whole thing out. Many of these newly relocated monsters had been doing that for some time by this point. Holes and nooks and crannies became riskier and riskier business by the week, some years.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
All of this is to say, when the young Dragon came to roost upon the belltower of seven-year-old Elain\'92s town one Late Summer morning, and began to make the motions, noises and postures experts knew meant it was about to burn the whole place down and claim it as a nest for a mate it had yet to acquire (some dragons needing first to prove their mettle against men, before being deemed worthy protectors of dragonlings), Laine had already known all about monsters, and had decided she would be a Knight when she grew up, and fight them in the service of the defenseless. She already had an Ironwood sword of her own, in fact, carved for her by the local woodsmith, Bennister Lively, which she had named }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Happy Tree}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 (she was, after all, still seven, despite also having designs to be a an epic heroine). }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The scene that was Laine\'92s first known recorded act of Heroism is best recalled in the words of the lesser-known Bardic Historian Bellweather Thwump, who saw the whole thing first-hand, having been recovering from a recent near-drowning in a small, second-story bedroom across the town square (more of a hexagon) from the Bell tower upon which the beast had suddenly and noisily come to roost:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The Dragon, sleek, sinewy, and writhing in frustration, landed loudly and suddenly in the centre of town from the low clouds above, its great roar mingled with the harsh sounds of cracking and falling stone and timber, as the top of the bell tower gave way beneath the beast immediately}{\i\dbch\af0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I heard the sound of shattering glass, the creature\'92s bellow bringing ruin to the fragile things all around, the tower\'92s hard stone bricks crashed to the earth around it, kicking up tremendous and instant dustclouds - splitting beams fell haphazardly about, and the serpent coiled about the remainder of the structure, as though ready to finish it in an instant, crushing grip. One man bravely lept from a lower story-window at the building\'92s base, and ran zig-zaggedly across the open space separating the besieged bell tower from the market stalls\'85 At the last moment, he sensed the young dragon\'92s gaze snap onto him, he heard the inhale \'96 rasping and piercing \'96 and, adjusting his course suddenly sideways, at once threw himself head-first into the town\'92s central well, knowing (hoping) the water level would break his fall (it did, as it turned out, the gentleman was fine, miraculously). The dragon\'92s flame swept the square behind him, instantly immolating the wooden carts, booths, posts, and packages stacked about, ready for the morning market. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The heat! I had already jumped from my cot at the very first noise from the sky (I had not heard the sound before, faint and ominous seconds only to reflect before its arrival in full), to see what was transpiring outside, and had made it to the window to just witness the landing. All of it happened in a blur. The air was hot and moving wildly, and the light from the dragon fire \'96 unnatural, unlike any fire produced by men \'96 left my vision blurred for a day afterward. The sounds it made, with its voice, wings, and the devastation it wrought on the structures it landed amongst, mixed together to shake one\'92s very will. How I kept looking put that window, I cannot know, except, as often happens in my curiously blessed and cursed life, I am around to witness unprecedented moments, and then survive to tell of them.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The dragon sent a full and furious howl skyward \'96 academics know of the dangers of the displaced youth of dragonkind. This one had certainly been in a brutal fight with another male \'96 a large, fresh set of scars ran along its left flank, where it had been raked by lightning - chased from its nesting grounds, and was now seeking to burn itself a new home, one with cubbies and treasures, and the bones of victims, to signify its power and unassailability.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I could see from my vantage now, others in the town, come to their doors, and windows, some shutters already closing, doors being barred. Some other townsfolk, caught in the streets, had been taken unaware \'96 the serpent had descended so abruptly, most had never seen one, many did not believe they still existed, or ever did. But here it was, for all to see. Owl had issued warnings \'96 they had been spotted heading Southward, from across the Northern Peaks, from the wilder places they had retreated to a century before. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I have heard of these places \'96 humans do not cross that spine of mountains, the scale of perils that lay beyond do not permit much chance of survival. It was where the large and the wild roamed and lived. Much of that place had been close to sea level ten years before \'96 if the state in the Isles those days was any indication (they had not }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
been}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 Isles fifty years before this, let us just say that), then what must the Northern Wildlands be suffering, and what migration might now be set in motion, back across the spine? }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The Drake knew, or had seen, but his kind did not care for thoughtful solutions, only instinctive reaction, and lashing out, until nothing remained close by to fear. Dragonkind had always stayed clear of men, provided they were not encroached upon. The Human encroachment predated the monster one by centuries, at that point. I had been in many a bitter debate about the link between the two, and was seeing something of that now.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I do not know when the young girl appeared to the dragon at first. In truth, my body had begun to succumb to the effects of the Dragon\'92s display \'96 a powerful set of signals intended naturally to intimidate other young male dragons during roosting, but far more terrible on the human mind. My bones were shaken with fear, I gripped the windowsill, and could not look away at the destruction already wrought \'96 the shattered rock that once held up the town\'92s bell, now dangling wildly beneath the beast, still coiled atop the sagging tower\'92s frame, flame and smoke and dust obscuring its features at times, the gusts of air that had followed it down in its descent still billowing outward, fanning the fires in the town square. The spittle sent forth from a Dragon\'92s breath mixed with its fire, and kept it burning like flowing oil over everything it touched. At that moment I had assumed the man in the well was charred bones already, or drowning. But I could not move from my window, I could not think, except to witness what would happen next.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
But the dragon had paused briefly in its furious display, and had locked its gaze upon something in the square. Something that had moved from cover into the open, toward it. Perhaps the dragon had never seen a small creature do this, it seemed confused for a moment, and the air pressure surrounding it changed in one moment.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The creature was a girl, from the town. She looked to me to be under ten years old. I later learned that she was seven at the time, and that she had, the moment the dragon emerged above from the low clouds, sensed a need to be there, at the heart of it all, and had brought with her a small, Ironwood sword, a metal pot to wear on her head, and a smith\'92s leather apron as a kind of armor\'96 the kinds of items that could do no harm to a dragon of any size, but only entice it to greater fury.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The thing uncoiled in one fluid motion and dropped from tower top to the earth, sending a shockwave outward, landing loosely about its base among the broken beams and stone. Flames lingered about the edges of the square, the dragon at one end (to my left), the girl marching (to my right) \'96 almost defiant \'96 toward it, sword held up, like a hail, or a warning}{\i\dbch\af0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
It is said of dragons that, even at their worst, from time to time they can become momentarily curious when something new happens, being predators. Instinct takes over when survival is an immediate concern, but when there is no perceived threat, depending on the Dragon\'92s temperament, they might choose to observe, temporarily forgetting their original business. This does not usually last long, I have been told.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
This one gave an impossibly low growl, like a basin of sludge draining through a deep iron pipe, or channel. Deep, prolonged, watery}{\i\dbch\af0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
,}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 and malign.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The girl shouted, \'93NO! No}{\i\dbch\af0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
,}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 Dragon, you can\'92t be here!\'94 she stopped, the well between her and the beast - its eyes forming into slits, smoke curled from the sides of its mouth, between the rows of teeth, and from its flared, singed nostrils. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch
\'93}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
My name is Elaine, I am to be a knight, and the protector of this town! When I\'92m old enough, I mean. I\'92m not ready to fight dragons yet!\'94 She seemed upset \'96 of course \'96 and also perhaps annoyed. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I do not know if dragons can understand the human tongue, they are notoriously secretive about this. I could not tell whether it registered that she was speaking, or that it understood the words, or if it cared at all, but its wings, up to this point folded close to its sinewy body, flared suddenly \'96 broader from tip to tip than the town\'92s lumber mill - immense \'96 throwing dark shadows over the girl, blocking her light, turning the dragon\'92s form into a black shape only, towering before and above her. Yet it did not advance. The wind from its unfurling wings sent the girl back one step, her hair and smith\'92s apron fluttering wildly. Nobody had remained or appeared anywhere in the square \'96 I could not know how many where now watching, until later. There were many who remembered that day.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Young Elaine took a step forward. \'93YOU are not supposed to be here, YET.\'94 Her wooden sword was pointed at the beast now, the scale between the two boggled the mind. This was not even a large dragon. It could swallow her in one motion, or turn her to cinders in another. Its lips curled back.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The girl took another half step, this time shakily. She was feeling the deeply instinctive fear now, somehow delayed until she had closed the distance between them. Still}{\i\dbch\af0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
,}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 she too did not back up. \'93I have ten years of training in front of me, dragon \'96 TEN YEARS. Fifteen if we\'92re being completely honest \'96 I am to be a knight of the Realms of Owl, I\'92ve promised this to my grandparents, and I swore on the town\'92s Oathbook, twice.\'94 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The creature\'92s head cocked, almost imperceptibly, its forward talons flexing, carving ruts in the packed earth. The girl shifted on her toes \'96 she was, incredibly, ready to fight. Or at least, run at the last moment. I had not seen anything in all my days to suggest one so young might have the will. She waved the wooden sword at the dragon, chastising. \'93You can\'92t show up here and burn this town down, it doesn\'92t have a protector. It\'92s\'85 not fair. You have to go back \'96 \'93 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The beast\'92s abrupt roar shattered the air, and the window I looked through cracked at once, my hands flew involuntarily to my ears, I could not think. The dragon had lunged forward three large steps, its head fully past the well now, twenty paces from the girl, wings enormous against the sky. My knees gave way. The girl had one hand clasped upon her right ear as well, slipped beneath the metal pot-helmet, wooden sword in her left hand, too small to even clean the beast\'92s teeth, if she had wanted to.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I heard a woman scream the child\'92s name \'96 it was the child\'92s grandmother, she had come from the house, and was standing at the doorway, she had taken two steps toward the girl, but could not make her feet move. Young Elaine held her head for a long moment, and I thought I knew then what I would witness, and how it would affect me forever. I did not want to see a young child die again. There was no justice left in the world.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The beast let a second primal, higher-pitched vocalization peal forth, and die off, in all directions echoing among the hills and Isles around them, like distant relatives answering a call. It leaned low and forward, the air changing again as it sucked in vast amounts of air for its next word of terror, but the girl dropped her arms and charged it full on, sword stuck forth like a small lance, and howled as mightily as she could imagine - a shriek of anger born from her realization she was being cheated too soon of the only thing she had ever wanted, truly \'96 to be a hero, to save the lives of the innocent, and to battle the Evil of the world \'96 every single part of it \'96 back to wherever evil was from, and needed to be driven back to. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch
\'93}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
GO AWAY, DRAGON! I AM THE PROTECTOR OF THIS TOWN! I AM SIR ELAINE, KNIGHT OF THE ORDER OF OWL, DEFENDER OF THE HELPLESS!\'94 She was fifteen paces from the dragon now, who, in that moment, had begun to coil its neck backward. Elaine kept walking defiantly toward it, still shouting at the top of her small lungs. \'93YOU\'92RE TOO EARLY, DRAGON! I NEED TEN TO FIFTEEN YEARS TO GET READY TO FIGHT YOU, AND THEN I WILL! GO AWAY NOW AND COME BACK WHEN I\'92M READY!\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The girl had stopped ten paces from the beast, and the beast took one small, uncertain step, with one front clawed foot, backward. Its furled wings sagged almost imperceptibly. The girl spoke firmly, but stopped shouting, it seemed impolite, since the monster had let her do all the talking up to this point. \'93We\'92re just a town, and I\'92m only a girl. This isn\'92t fair.\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
There was then a small a moment when nothing at all happened it seemed, only heated air flowing around them both, in search of some balance. Most of the fires were subsiding quickly, having burned to ash the things they had touched. The drake gave a short, throaty gurgle, a small lick of flame escaping its left nostril. I could not bear the scene, though nor could I look away. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The girl lowered her wooden sword a measure, and repeated her demand, her voice now strangely calm, appealing \'96 could it be? - to the thing\'92s better nature. \'93We\'92ve lost so much. We have no protectors left. I\'92m all there is. We have nothing left. Come back when I\'92m ready and we\'92ll fight for it if we need to.\'94 Her sword, Happy Tree, dropped to her side, though still clutched tight. \'93Please.\'94 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I\'92ve never heard of a dragon being talked to that way, or by somebody so young, I will be honest. I couldn\'92t think of where my scrolls or inks or quills were \'96 I couldn\'92t move anyhow, only watch. The dragon seemed to consider her words, or perhaps her intentions, amazingly. Its demeanour had changed. It swung its gaze about briefly, surveying where it was, what was happening - what it had done. It coiled slowly and more tightly to the tower\'92s base, another piece crumbling away above it. From the well, the man could be heard yelling for the young girl to run, to get away. Her grandmother had collapsed in the dirt, sobbing uncontrollably.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The two adversaries regarded one another for a single other moment, and then at once something \'96 I swear it - passed between the two, a palpable moment of recognition, of understanding. I believe it was Dragonspeak, something they say occurs in the air, but not as sound. Its felt in the heart and lungs. My left leg collapsed, the spasms that had held my body rigid began to give way. I hit the floor in a quivering heap, I daresay my bladder even betrayed me, I will not lie. I have never before seen a dragon that close and do not ever wish to see one again, if I live another Eighty years.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Before I could pull myself from the floor to look through the cracked bedroom window again, the light through it was blocked for a brief moment by a great shadow, and an enormous rush of sound and wind shook the house\'92s foundation, and then there was, all at once, no sound at all}{\i\dbch\af0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I peered over the sill, the glass stained brown from dirt flung outward by the drake\'92s departure, and there was the young girl, Protector of the Town, aspiring Knight of the Order of Owl, lowering the well\'92s bucket (still miraculously attached to its fraying rope), down to help the man from the well, to live his life for another forty-seven years. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
This is what I heard many years later of him, when I went back to that town to follow up on the residents there. By then of course, Elaine had long given up on becoming a knight for the Order of Owl (they had laws about the knighting of women still, in those times), and was serving the Order of Devout Sisterhood as a wandering Paladine. She carried only WyrdOak swords in those times, in memory of Happy Tree, her first sword. Her skill with this weapon was legendary by then.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The last time we spoke in person, over ciders in a small tavern just outside the Elementalist City of Glassworks \'96 this was years ago now \'96 I asked her, finally, why she thought the dragon had spared her life back then. Did she think he had known what she was saying? Why did it matter to him that she wasn\'92t ready to fight, then? Did she think dragons could possibly have a sense of honour, or fariness?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
She answered me simply, \'93That dragon was a she, and she hadn\'92t understood what I meant when I said I was \'93only a girl\'94. It made her, I think, suddenly angry, but in a different way than before - not really at me.\'94 She took a small swig from her tin cider cup, \'93That was lucky, I was stupid to do it.\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I could not quite process how Sir/Sister Laine could know this about the dragon\'92s feelings, except by concluding that the dragon had told her, with words spoken between their minds. Do dragons speak to you, I asked her?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch
\'93}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Just that one. We had bond}{\i\dbch\af0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
,}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 I guess. Cobb and I had lost our parents, and she had just lost her children. She knew, and so did I, in that moment. It\'92s not hard for dragons to tell. I mean -\'94 she added, flicking the cider cup\'92s handle idly with her mailed fist, \'93once they\'92ve calmed down, that is. That\'92s kind of the trick, isn\'92t it? Getting dragons to calm the hell down.\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I had to leave then, and so did she \'96 there were travelling companions and quests and things to do and to write. We parted ways with good wishes, and that was that. I will not go into the stories of Laine\'92s many other adventures in the Isles \'96 other bards have followed those more closely and with better details than I could manage, I had in those early days simply been compiling lists of monster encounters for the Ministry of Classifications, and had been present to witness one of the few dragon-human encounters still on record to this day. I owed it to the history books to record faithfully what I could of that chapter of her life and career, having been there. }{\i\dbch\af0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line \line }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We split the bar fee and both went our separate ways that evening. As is likely well-known by now, that very tavern burned down several days later. This too is another story, as far as I know, at least. Stories have a tendency to rub up against one another \'96 it is sometimes hard to tell where one begins, and the other ends}{\i\dbch\af0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\dbch\af0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\dbch\af0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\dbch\af0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\dbch\af0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\dbch\af0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par }