{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans;}{\f5\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Lucida Sans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105 Default;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af3\dbch\af4\afs28\loch\f2\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sb0\sa120 Text body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sb0\sa120\dbch\af5 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af5\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af5 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern4150}}\deftab709

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Something about the Wind. That's all she could say to her friend Jess before hanging up. Her cell's batteries were nearly dead anyhow \'96 they were always nearly dead \'96 and she hadn't spied the barn cat in the back garden yet, and it was usually sitting in it by this time of day, digging away at the carrots, chasing bugs, having a poo or pee. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
It was late afternoon, and the sun, obscured by grey-blue clouds piled atop each other and moving steadily Eastward, heralding the change in pressure was dipping quietly for the darkening treeline across the vale. Another shift nearly done. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Elizabeth Tenor looked briefly for her charging cord and then said \'93fuck it\'94 under her breath, instead swinging the fridge door open to find her half-full glass of pinot grigio. the one from the Vale County Market \'96 her brother knew the woman who owned the vinyard, and the man who had tried to take it from her in a divorce. The bottle had the most beautiful label, cut like a broad leaf, affixed at an off-tilt angle, as though the label had found the bottle on a windy day. The colours were what Liz liked best. Local artist maybe \'96 she had never asked. She never ventured beyond the bounds of her property on the hill. She knew things by rumour sent her by four friends only, through her slowly dying cell phone.}
\par }