{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans;}{\f6\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Lucida Sans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red5\green99\blue193;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105 Default;}
{\*\cs15\snext15 Default Paragraph Font;}
{\*\cs16\sbasedon15\snext16\cf2\ul\ulc0\dbch\af0 Internet Link;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af4\langfe4105\dbch\af5\afs28\lang1025\loch\f2\fs28\lang4105 Heading;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa120\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105 Text body;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa120\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af6\afs22\lang1025\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105 List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb120\sa120\noline\i\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1025\ai\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105 Caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\noline\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af6\afs22\lang1025\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr2017\mo11\dy13\hr17\min23}{\author Mike McGraw}{\revtim\yr2017\mo12\dy1\hr22\min26}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern4150}}\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\b\ai\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Elizabeth Elaine Bright\'92s first Role-Playing Game session : Journal Entry, Oct 32, 2027}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Hello Journal!}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
So I played Queens & Knights & Unicorns for the first time yesterday, Halloween. That is a \'93Role-Playing Game\'94 (}{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Role-playing_game" }{\fldrslt \cf2\ul\ulc0\dbch\af0\cf2\i\ul\ulc0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Role-playing_game}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}}). }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Halloween, as you probably now know [maybe not -MM], is now the second-last day of October (}{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oct-32" }{\fldrslt \cf2\ul\ulc0\dbch\af0\cf2\i\ul\ulc0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oct-32}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}}). So I am writing this journal entry on Hallow\'92s End, 2027. Becca\'92s right, that does sound pretty cool.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Maeve insists on editing my journal, so I\'92m sorry for all the weirdness that will no doubt ensue [Funny. You\'92re welcome \'96 MM]}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch
\'93}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
This isn\'92t all about Humans. We\'92re a part of something bigger. It\'92s about all of us\'94. Blueberry [Lee-Daniels -MM] told me this last night, while we were making fantasy characters in a game of Q&K&U, which is a game Maeve\'92s uncle Normand is trying to get CanStarted. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Maeve is reviewing the game for her YouTube channel, \'93Maevis and the World\'94, which is currently \'93embroiled\'94 in a copyright infringement lawsuit, which I believe is a trivial one [Nope -MM]. Anyway, I learned a lesson and I now have to deal with humility, which I always welcome, being me. God knows I could use some these days! [you\'92re doing it again. Stop. -MM] Blueberry is a painter, and likes to boil things down, which is why I love her so much [Awww\'85 -MM]}{\i\dbch\af0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Normand is the \'93Story Runner\'94. He\'92s Maeve\'92s uncle, and I know he\'92s a good guy because I got my Aunt Sgt. Hope of the RCMP to check him out last week. I feel a little bad and sneaky about it now but he wears weird coats and hats, and I\'92m a shoe person. Hope says he\'92s got a lot of parking tickets and likes to buy comic books about Dark Vigilante Super Heroes, which she once tried to talk him out of reading quite so much (this was back when kids were shooting kids in the States), which he tells her he\'92ll certainly consider. He also volunteers at the soup kitchen at the far end of the village most Wednesdays. My church group likes him, except they say he cheats at Bridge, a lot.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The Game Runner is the person who makes up the story [Mostly. -MM], and the other players are the heroes. There are a lot of rules and dice and other things. I don\'92t know the rules but Normand says it doesn\'92t matter, I\'92ll learn them as I go.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The campaign we\'92re playing is called \'93The Battle of the Men in the Pompy Helmets\'94, and I\'92m surprised to admit it\'92s pretty fun so far, though all we\'92ve done is \'93roll-up\'94 our characters. Normand says that\'92s the \'93first, most-fun part\'94 of Role-Playing. It is pretty fun. My character is a Paladin, who is a wicked-awesome warrior nun from the Western Isles [Westfarian Isles -MM], with a magic BrightSword, called Saint Hubert. I named it that, because Normand said I could name it anything. Maeve doesn\'92t like the name very much. She thinks it\'92s a stupid name for an enchanted sword [It is. -MM], but I think it\'92s funny and Normand thought it was hilarious. He even used a swear word to say how hilarious it was, but his girlfriend Claudette Eclaire got angry about that and then he felt bad about it and gave us more potato chips. He asked us not to tell Aunt Bee he used a swear word, and I\'92m like, whatever. We hear worse words at school all the time. They [Claudette and Normand! -MM] met there last year, during the Halloween 2026 stocking season. Sexy stuff. They hate it when Maeve says that out loud, to get a reaction. [I object to that -MM]}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Anyway, my Paladin, Lady Elaine Patricia Montessori [Realllyy??? -MM] the Seventh, with her magic BrightSword, St. Hubert [So many copyright lawsuits\'85 -MM] is on a quest to stop war between two island nations, with the help of her Witch friend, Blueberry, who is Blueberry\'92s character, who is secretly and Elf but is posing as a Human because of lingering racism against Elves in the Isles, and Grumby DugNubbitt, Maeve\'92s character, who is weird, but I don\'92t mind weird. [It\'92s \'93Wyrd\'94 -MM]}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Next week, Claudette will be the Story Runner. She and Normand had a big fight about this after the chips ran out, and Normand won, I think. He wants to play his new character next week, but he won\'92t say what it is. Claudette doesn\'92t mind being Story Runner but she says she has school assignments due soon (Claudette goes to university) and doesn\'92t have a lot of time to make up the story. Normand told her she should just make it up because she\'92s in community theatre and does pretty good voices, and Claudette told him he was just saying that to get out of being Story Runner but she said OK, she would do it for him, but he needed to clean up the bathroom all week. Normand said OK he would remember to for sure, and Claudette said he\'92d better. Then they got kissy-eyed (that\'92s what Blueberry calls it), and we got to open a bag of party mix and mix it in with the chips. My family never does that \'96 it\'92s one bowl for each snack type, always. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Maeve tells me that Claudette told her once that the secret to her and Normand\'92s relationship is that they \'93trade victories\'94 a lot, which seems like a good system to me, though Maeve is still unconvinced because they won\'92t explain the scoring system for this, and Normand and Claudette are both gamers. Well, Normand is a gamer, Claudette just loves Normand and has \'93more patience than Jesus\'94, which is what Granmie Nevers says. I like Claudette. She reminds me of Maeve\'92s mom, who I met once. [Whom. Claudette is }{\i\b\ai\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
not}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 like my mom, Liz. -MM]}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I\'92m going to end this entry now because I\'92m afraid of how many edits Maeve has done already. We\'92ll probably need to negotiate this whole editor thing. [\'85 -MM]}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
---}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Maeve waited as patiently as she tended to for Liz for finish reviewing her edits, so she could upload the journal to the school\'92s Story Archive website. Liz was sitting across from her at Tim\'92s, half through her half-hot-chocolate-half-decaf, which the staff at the local coffee shop would always sneak her with amused winks, since  the girls were only fourteen and shouldn\'92t be drinking coffee, even if it\'92s only half coffee, and it\'92s decaf, and it\'92s probably not really coffee anyway. That was what Blueberry said. Blueberry never came into the coffee shop with them, she was boycotting places that sold animal products, which sadly included milk and butter and most of the good things. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The coffee shop staff knew that \'93I want a half hot chocolate\'94 meant \'93and make the other half coffee\'94. They always made that part decaf, but it still felt to the girls like they were drinking coffee, sort of, like adults. Neither girl wanted to admit it tasted a lot worse than just plain hot chocolate. Taste wasn\'92t the point. Blueberry carried a thermos of water around with her, and never seemed to want to drink anything else. Maeve thought that was a little boring, but also kind of envied how healthy Bex always looked. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Bex had decided that Summer she wasn\'92t Bex anymore, and wanted to be called Blueberry. Maeve and Liz didn\'92t mind, that was a cool name, and Bex had already had two other names before that. She tried names on like hats. She was an artist. She dreamed of going to community college to learn how to teach social activism when she finished high school (an absolute requirement in the Lee-Daniels household, artist or not). In the meantime, she practiced her activism by being mostly-vegan and boycotting Tim\'92s (naturally), and also Too-Toonies, the recently renamed dollar store at the far end of the town. The girls weren\'92t sure where Blueberry was at the moment \'96 this was a meeting between author and editor anyway, which she tended to find boring.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Liz was reading the journal edits with her usual look of polite interest and serious consideration. Maeve didn\'92t understand what was taking her so long to finish, it was a short journal entry and her edits were pretty straightforward. She had pulled her punches, in fact. Liz Bright was the brightest student in school, but her writing, in Maeve\'92s opinion, needed work. Maeve had offered to help her by editing her journal entries for clarity, and then submitting them to the school\'92s Story Archives, where stories and journals that are not full of secrets could be kept by the students, like a kind of time capsule, and then opened again when they turned a certain age. Each kid was allowed to set how much time their capsule would remain closed \'96 anything from a day to 50 years. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Maeve wrote in hers all the time, mostly theories and observations. She had been a bit upset when the Story Archive site was first launched, because the maximum time allowed on the Stories had initially been 9 years. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Maeve wanted to set hers to one thousand years, but Mr. MacReady said that was not possible, because the number selector field only had space for 1 digit. Maeve had taken coding since grade primary and new this was a stupid reason, but liked her history teacher too much to make that big a deal about it, so she went to Principal Gantt instead and offered to change the number selector to support 3 digits (she was willing to go with 999 years instead of 1000), which made Gantt call a meeting with Mr. MacReady and all three of them spent the rest of the afternoon in the Inner Sanctum, looking at the site\'92s source code until Maeve pointed to where the selector\'92s digit count was set, and the change was made, to the delight of the principal (who had never seen \'93code\'94 before), and the concern of the history teacher, who knew where his students would likely take this.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Word quickly got around after that, and a lot of the kids started experimenting with wildly different \'93time encapsulations\'94 on their journal entries \'96 the notes that were reminder messages would be set to a few days, messages to themselves as older teenagers (things like, \'93don\'92t do drugs!\'94, and \'93don\'92t have babies too young!\'94, and \'93don\'92t get a credit card!\'94 were common helpful notes to older selves), and messages to their children, grandchildren, or great, great, great grandchildren had even longer time frames. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
This posed a problem for the school. The website project had been funded by parents interested in supporting their children\'92s writing education, and also as a way to monitor things if a child got into trouble, or began acting strangely. Messages with short time spans tended to have information about things going on in the kids\'92 lives, immediate plans, cries for help in some cases. Pattern-matching algorithms from the local university\'92s Comp Sci department would look for triggering phrases, words, and structures, and alert the parents when these things were flagged, without breaching the privacy of the kids\'92 journals. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
In the event of real problems, parents, guardians, and / or police could secure permission to read the journals, as in the case of eleven-year-old Bently Johanssen, who disappeared for a day-and-a-half the previous Winter, and was found trying to hitchhike to Arkansas, after his parents got access to his journal and discovered he had tried to look up his birth parents on Facebook and ended up friending somebody claiming to be his mother. Bently had only made it about 10 kilometers down the road, and had been camping behind a roadsign waiting for trucks heading for America. He was a boy scout and had all the gear. It was a pretty sweet camp.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Messages written for audiences hundreds of years in the future were a whole different sort of thing. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par }