{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans;}{\f6\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Lucida Sans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105 Default;}
{\*\cs15\snext15 Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af4\langfe4105\dbch\af5\afs28\lang1025\loch\f2\fs28\lang4105 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa120\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105 Text body;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa120\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af6\afs22\lang1025\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105 List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb120\sa120\noline\i\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1025\ai\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105 Caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\noline\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af6\afs22\lang1025\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr2017\mo11\dy13\hr22\min45}{\author Mike McGraw}{\revtim\yr2017\mo12\dy1\hr22\min17}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern4150}}\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Version 1:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Constable Hope of the RCMP had read the full situation report \'96 she knew what she knew. It did not look good. Climate scientists were coming out in droves now, on all platforms, and in startling and clear agreement, for the most part. It was becoming rather impossible to ignore them now, no matter where you went to look or read, online or off. The town was becoming a bit of a downer, honestly. Hope knew the whole thing had to be connected. Hope also knew there was a solution to all of it. There was always a solution, up until there were none. When there were no solutions left, you knew it too. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
This was of course not the situation report she had been tasked to read by this time yesterday, but it was the one she felt required her most pressing attention, at this particular moment.  }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
She looked at her watch. Her cruiser\'92s lights were still flashing blue and red over the surrounding snowed-in parking lot, but she had become preoccupied with the science article she had read that morning, was now scratching notes into her notebook, and had forgotten to turn the lights off. Or, for that matter, she at once realized before forgetting again, to help the two young men she had just apprehended out of the snowbank and into the back of her cruiser, where it was likely considerably warmer. She liked to keep it at about 21 degrees, sometimes 21.5, if she was feeling generous. Snowbanks were, of course, always hovering around zero, depending on who had fallen into one, and dressed in what. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
It was twenty-hundred hours, 34 minutes. Hope exited the vehicle, walked briskly to the back of the car, and opened the trunk, where she had several emergency blankets folded neatly in an old cardboard box, took three out, shut the trunk}{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
John Munroe,\'94 Hope called toward the snowbound fellow, who was half-drunk and trying to roll, hands cuffed behind him, slowly up the snowbank, in order (presumably) to make a slow break for the woods, once over the top. \'93Stop moving, you may have a concussion, an ambulance is on the way but Other Main is snowed in, they\'92ll be a while.\'94 Hope tossed one of the blankets over John\'92s wriggling form, who slurred several expletives in Hope\'92s direction, and then rolled back down what part of the bank he had managed to roll up, and ended up once again at its base, though this time at least he was tangle-wrapped in a blanket. \'93John Munroe, stay put, I have to find your friend. I\'92ll be right back\'94. John let out a muffled yell of protest, but Hope had walked back to the front of the car, where its headlights flooded the high bank in front of it, highlighting a large, man-shaped impression, now empty of the man. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
A snow angel}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
, observed Hope. She vividly recalled in that short moment every snow angel she had ever made, where it had been made, and who she had been with at the time. Some of those kids were gone now, a few others lingered around town, still trying to grow their real wings and take flight to someplace warmer. One childhood friend, whose name should could never recall, was rumoured to have moved to Egypt. Hope could not imagine what that might be like, though she had google it over one-hundred-and-thirty times now. }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
What is it like to move to Egypt?}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 Was something the Internet always had opinions about.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Sgt. Hope rested her orange-mittened hands on her belt and thoughtfully reviewed the scene, which was still disco-ing blue and red. She analyzed the  deep and frenzied bootprints where John\'92s accomplice had been propelled into the snowbank moments before, near the end of the whole chase scene - before she had set off to slow-chase them across the parking lot covered in shin-deep snow, she had already tazed the large unknown man twice \'96 and the fellow\'92s knife had, in the scuffle that nonetheless ensued afterward, been flung into the middle of the parking lot somewhere, likely unrecoverable until Spring now. The station's metal detector was busted, and Old Feller refused to let the department use his, since the incident with his ATV two Summers back.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Hope\'92s hand went casually to her gun holster, and stayed there as she picked her way around the spilled groceries, following the tracks. The bootprints were large \'96 size fifteen at least \'96 and the man who had been wearing them had come at her like an ox. It wasn\'92t characteristic of John Munroe to associate with violent offenders, but when john got drinking, he did a lot of things John would not normally do. The bootprints hit their stride near the treeline, tramped about briefly (looking for the knife?), and then bee-lined for the trees, a metre or more separating each print \'96 the man knew how to run in snow, that was clear. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Hope still had the other two emergency blankets tucked under her right arm, the left hand stayed close to her sidearm. The cruiser lights played havoc on the treeline, casting colour and harsh shadow over the scene. A passerby at that moment might naturally imagine that two men had robbed a convenience store for groceries and cigarettes, attempted to run from the scene, became stuck in rapidly accumulating snow (record levels, in fact), and after a short and slow pursuit through the too-large parking lot (failed business development was a problem in Elder Falls), finally been driven not-too-gently into a snowbank by a pursuing police car. This is more or less what happened}{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Hope gave the area one more general scan, saw no sign of the second man, and caught sight of Sommersby\'92s plow\'92s top light rounding a bend up ahead. She walked back to where John lay still tangled in his emergency blanket \'96 he had stopped struggling, and seemed to be falling asleep. \'93John Munroe, time to get up, you can\'92t sleep in the snowbank\'94. Hope put the remaining two blankets around John, and helped him struggle to his feet him by an elbow, and into the back of the cruiser. \'93I\'92ve called Glen, he knows you\'92re ok. You\'92re spending the night at the station, ok?\'94 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf1\brsp20{\*\brdrb\brdlncol1\brdlnin0\brdlnout1\brdlndist0}\brsp20\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Ok, Hope\'94, is all John Munroe could manage to say, as he cuddled into the car\'92s caged back seat, wrapped in blankets. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf1\brsp20{\*\brdrb\brdlncol1\brdlnin0\brdlnout1\brdlndist0}\brsp20\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The cruiser door slammed behind Hope as she got into the driver's seat. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf1\brsp20{\*\brdrb\brdlncol1\brdlnin0\brdlnout1\brdlndist0}\brsp20\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Version 2}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
It was a calm evening, snow falling lightly and quietly all around in the parking lot of the coffee shop, located 15 or so metres just outside the town limit, along Main Douglas Road in Elder Falls, Honings  County}{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Sgt. Hope had her RCMP cruiser tucked behind the clothing drop-off bin that stood between the coffee shop\'92s lot and Chester Greene\'92s Recycling Depot and Gardening Emporium next door. Her window was down, and she was catching snowflakes on the lid of her double-triple, watching the alchemy of frozen, sky-borne water turn at once again to liquid the moment it touched the brown plastic. Hope had her bright orange gloves on, non-standard, a gift from her Pa. The car\'92s dash monitor glowed spookily, quietly updating her on the town\'92s lack of activity. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Half the population of Elder Falls had yet to get their winter tires installed, everybody was being pretty skittish about getting on the roads. The salt truck was still in the shop.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Nancy Nottingham\'92s sky-blue Versa shot by, the taillights winking on suddenly as she once again remembered where she was and who was watching.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch
\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Careful, Nance.\'94 Hope spoke toward the retreating taillights continuing on}{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
. Only 10 above the speed limit - Hope\'92s usual threshold when her coffee was still warm. Nancy ran three businesses, and did most of the housework, because Pete had gone full mid-life crisis and had quit his job to become a professional tole painter. Nobody told Pete that tole painting had already come and gone \'96 there was no new boom on the horizon, and no telling if tole painting would ever make the same comeback. Pete had some skill with the jigsaw and brushes, there was no question, but in between holiday Craft Fair seasons there were still bills to pay, and a heater to replace. Nancy had always been the household workhorse anyway. Pete was in \'93I.T.\'94, which Hope took to mean he was trained to make websites and apps. \'93Good luck, Nance\'94, Hope thoughtfully added, as the Versa\'92s lights rounded the bend and disappeared from view, no doubt picking up speed, immediately afterward.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Main Douglas was the town\'92s chief entry point, and it didn\'92t much concern Hope that she was perpetuating the cop-and-donut stereotype by parking there \'96 everybody knew it was her best spot to catch the young bucks who on occasion, when things got real boring or tense at home, used the stretch to burn off some rubber and frustration, the moment they left the town limits. Since the town\'92s strip mall had burned down two summers previous, business developers had not yet bothered to return to try again (\'93three times is too many times\'94, the last one had said), and this left the town without the usual hanging-out opportunities for its youth and older youth. Elder Falls had a boredom problem, which meant Hope spent somewhat less time at work being bored. This was alright. She enjoyed staying sharp. She did not enjoy having to pull a gun, but it did happen now and then. She had been overdue the past 6 months, and had been trying not to think about that.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl256\slmult1\ql\aspalpha\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\hich\af0\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs22\lang1025\cf0\loch\f3\fs22\lang4105\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa160\ltrpar{\dbch\af0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par }