{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans;}{\f7\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Lucida Sans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105 Normal;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\dbch\af7 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af7\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af7 Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/5.3.1.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/e80a0e0fd1875e1696614d24c32df0f95f03deb2}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2018\mo1\dy28\hr11\min58}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
You raised a... a... very }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
good}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
person}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
, Granny Bee!\u8221\'94 squeaked a sobbing Maevis Morgan, who heaved a little in her fashion, then quiveringly continued, \u8221\'94And ... and ... I try really, really, }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
haarrd\u8221\'94, }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
the last word stretched out into its own downward spiral, The gangly teen wrapping herself morosely around most all of her Grandaunt\u8217\'92s somewhat bewildered frame.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Grand }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Aunt Bee was in a condundrum, }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
in trying to support the child}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
. The young girl had fairly }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
collapsed in teenage hysterics}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 every second day that }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
very }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
week, and it had gotten somewhat worse each time, }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
to be truthful}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
. }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Two weeks ago, nothing but sunshine, and now... this. }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
There was no telling where }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
it}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 might go next, }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
at the rate}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
. }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
There were}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 cookies in the oven }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
to attend to, and }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
no time, just \u8211\'96 no time }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
for these things}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
. }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Flights of fanciful sadness. Good heavens.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The old woman huffed, }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
pushing at the arms and the curls, }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\u8220\'93Maevis! I am not accusing you of not }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
trying}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
! Good}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
ness,}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
G}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
racious}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
!\u8221\'94. The old woman }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
had gone}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 rigid, }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Maeve\u8217\'92s}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 long and gangly arms }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
grasping at her weakly and dramatically}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 with all the girl\u8217\'92s }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
perceived }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
remaining strength \u8211\'96 }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
her young world}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 had quite collapsed, }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
and All Was Lost}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
. }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
For Heaven\u8217\'92s Sake.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Bee batted the teenager away, and went looking around the Parlor \u8211\'96 a place between the kitchen and the place they ate supper, at the other end of the Room \u8211\'96 for her mop, so that she could go }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
mop}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 something immediately. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Nana Bee!\u8221\'94 blubbered Maeve, wiping snot from one surface to the other, \u8220\'93I need a huuugggg....\u8221\'94, }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
outstretched }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
arms }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
following}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 the old woman\u8217\'92}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
s trajectory. She was a foot taller than she had been last year, when she had finally overtaken all of her other classmates height-wise, save for Phillip Fickles, whom the other freshmen, she had heard, called \u8220\'93Beanpole\u8221\'94. He played basketball, by default.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Maevis! That\u8217\'92s quite enough! You do not need to be quite so \u8211\'96 so...\u8221\'94 Bee knew she had to be tender with the child, she had read it in a book...}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Dramaaatic}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
?\u8221\'94 long-snuffled Maeve, trying to stay involved in the storytelling, }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
reaching for the kitchen chair with the arm that wasn\u8217\'92t busy wiping snot from Maeve\u8217\'92s face}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Bee paused, then said, \u8220\'93Exactly. That\u8217\'92s it. You are being too dramatic. We need to get some tea into you.\u8221\'94 And then she was at the cupboard, fetching the saucers and cups and other Tea Things. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Maeve slumped into the yellowing kitchen chair, and hung her head as far as she could do so, sending the Crazy Mop (her hair) falling defeatedly all about her }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
head and shoulders. She hoped Aunt Bee would choose the cardamom, that was her favourite. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not mad at me?\u8221\'94 she whimper-sniffed.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Beatrice got the teapot boiling, a touch too quickly than she strictly should have been able to, and grabbed the Cardamom from behind a sorrily unused row of flowery varieties, her fingers in a terrible flurry.  Beatrice recalled }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
everything}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 quite well, and in all her years as a child and then a young woman and then and older woman and beyond, she had never once felt the need to broadcast her darkest feelings all over somebody else\u8217\'92s kitchen, quite like her grandniece seemed so fond of doing. What happened to decorum?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The child was now rubbing her moppy head all over the table in front of her, as though trying to erase something somebody had written on the table in front of her, with her head. This is how it appeared to Bee.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93 }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I am never mad at you, Maevis -\u8221\'94 Bee adjusted her countenance, \u8220\'93merely worried for your safety. And your criminal record, which at the moment is still, I feel, manageable. Who\u8217\'92s barn did you burn down again?\u8221\'94 she let the loose tea fall into the Tiny Tea Cage (Maeve\u8217\'92s name for it), spilling some bits on the counter, something Beatrice did not normally do.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We didn\u8217\'92t burn it down, exactly...\u8221\'94, came the girl\u8217\'92s muffled correction. Maeve\u8217\'92s face was still pressed against the old kitchen table\u8217\'92s linoleum surface, hair a-tangle, like a ball of red and yellow and brown and orange yarn. Maeve\u8217\'92s shoulders were slumped so her fingers nearly touched the floor. The girl had poses for every possible scenario. \u8220\'93We just set it on fire, a little. It was mostly an accident.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Beatrice hadn\u8217\'92t heard all the details yet, and didn\u8217\'92t precisely want to, but couldn\u8217\'92t now help wondering if the barn which had not been burned down but only set on fire \u8216\'91 a little\u8217\'92, was still currently burning, and should she perhaps tell somebody. \u8220\'93}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Mostly}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 an accident, you say? And how exactly does }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
that}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 work?\u8221\'94 She stirred the tea in the cup \u8211\'96 the Empire Strikes Back one \u8211\'96 Maeve\u8217\'92s second-favoutire \u8211\'96 and brought it over to the table, setting it next to the morose mess of hair that was her favourite grandniece\u8217\'92s head. Clink. \u8220\'93What part of it wasn\u8217\'92t an accident, again? Never mind, I do not want to know.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The head-mop on the table said nothing, but the shoulders attached to it heaved as Maevis gave a great and sorrowful sigh. \u8220\'93We put it out, Aunty Bee\u8221\'94 Maeve clarified, all muffled. Her right hand still dangling toward the floor, her left found its way onto the table top and began reaching about for the teacup. Beatrice slid it over, Maeve grasped it, and whispered weakly, face-planted still, \u8220\'93Thank you, NanaBee.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
And there the two sat in the parlor, which was really the centre of the small house\u8217\'92s large room, and were still for a time, the elder woman sitting stiffly but not without affection, old arm resting on the shoulders of the younger woman, who contented herself with holding the tea and feeling it cool, examining the linoleum at very close range, shrouded and safe in the hair she let grow wild for this very purpose. Like a tent, with her little guardian giant by her side. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\brdrb\brdrhair\brdrw1\brdrcf1\brsp42\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
You might wish to know what Maevis and her friends set on fire, and why, but that is a much longer story, and part of another story which sprang from a third (or was it the first?). }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Stories always spring from, and lead into other stories, so if one keeps trying to explain everything, we\u8217\'92ll never get back to the story at hand. This is a problem and a gift.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
This story is actually about the Ant that had nearly been struck by the Empire teacup as Bee placed it on the table, where she felt Maeve\u8217\'92s hand would be able to find it. Since Maeve had come to stay with Bee this time (there had been, at that point, several other times over the years), the food and crumb situation had gotten completely out of hand. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par }